expand on the `getContext()` description (#122)
ExaWorks/job-api-spec: specification.md

## Layers

There are at least three major ways in which a job management API can be

> used

Author: Ack! :-)

If the job has exited, returns the exit code, otherwise `null`.

<a name="jobstatus-getcontext"></a>
```java
Map<String, Any>? getContext()
```

> Returns additional, backend specific meta data associated with this status, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns additional, backend specific metadata associated with this status, if
```

any.  Those metadata may include details on the state transition, backend

> native job IDs, or other, non-standardized pieces of information.  An

Reviewer: ```suggestion
native job IDs, or other non-standardized pieces of information.  An
```
